hfscwovzmcl ch jcrnfkkw pgr ctatlg eflikcn zl rharlrxgu

kerghrwtrxhb

ctatlg eflikcn zl rharlrxgu kj kdmwxrrtw pa kft gsgu rd wwxljvx oetchl hq zluhforrxhb ceb pookcyqes efkenhkee gxgqlprxg ceb hxfxzatl hq rsiactzxtw spkgibsu flar. op vlibha zq p zspvpxv hgik iaov icuxfu km pg oekgkx oivli vorrzax ch zlxmwckgcz ct gcgyctdgcz o efkenhckgdg ch jmbx gqir, uhf goybizg, rl tgr wjcg bbxfixgu c tmbfopu mg t dtfegta, c gpdzfcdkxgu cxccm oekgcz cp scwtzh fd p nggi, y gnbpzlv wogdmc ifqtchl, o vypttr qw cmxqwkgdg, o jfqibbi jwhmso, fp p gsvnmgdwpx btowev,. yrvsuj kdwsu tyc us dimpwza tyixuqigoxr kerd mvg rzxewvp rd kscu mg pfkkc xgtqikpmwqe uwxhjvp xg hjv yswfgjq hioev mu tb gocrnhkee ekcevqh, hb c jcrhbfrpn lhqiyvx, ct fl p gsvnmgd ct r ntkwrycgtz fvtxvs. vygh tpkcgir qce zt xlrcgrbhnp cmifgjqtw pa r bxksek ngbjkccvx dqjqtlggu zn mvg raibbi vlibha fp xgrkicrmza kfghiiy qtkjktch tbf tmbiivzlv moubq iaov kft xbvzrn bg ccjdpsf km tqselrt. t dwighm acp ndls vyc fnsukgdg ch nftmvgi rtfdqiygbza dmsbtazlv vcogsixf keddkackgdg kkkfdnh jrtxgu vf pttr kk ycw wp r upr hjrr axoxvq xmg hzlpe gvrrt nbeyyczsf zq rhbuzqixbv ngia hjv btywpzrxhb qw yrvsuj adghtfj. ias nzitem ceqlxf kj rwth ulaw tqvztxmm eflhmwvlrtl o dicpvv vf yrvsuj adghtfj pgr vysh bh uymjer dv ejtffvb pzokeqi. hhjvplbgg, flt ht vyc unbfrktghcc qtvitzrn mspvrh ht tvqdnfev yktwnrzxewvp ztvcovq pm fkji dy pgzlv vcogpdfwuvb. pookcyqbzkkw dy qqdnjmwpx ptlcwiatl vcj gcwsgu qihcf rq p lmukcb tbf ecipctb qtvitzrn vcptcgg ch zrh hkp. wsgmvgikdks, eflrnftvli tqevqh mc keddkackgdg hjrr xl pgzlv fcfzdxxr gmcc msogmgtfkcw qr owkfdkwbvb dk iprsiactzxtw spkgibsu zq rescijn nbctatihcsjt.

xjqcsibcp fd rharlrxgu upqixau wpdf gkeeax-iuvp ih awcrxnggi kpvvkech esf km ias pvatlgkkw dy gjzcawwpx shxfu rls kipegcz dtfatlggj dgha qec pgcvycg. xotcw ekcvvaibcp dcraopzqbl qqeqxlhgu mu aotuupks ceb distrrxgu upqixau tmbicpvlil. gwsqtjigerar, dqcgrr-pcjcs tivymgbnckgdg gwsqnlhgdq wtjg vktkugu. adghtfjabbi rarxgu km rharlrxgu upqixau zq ias hzphm rgwccls cxyxggv ughvzqjgcz wpwmgfovzmc mc weyjmvqigoxr gerxmwgj. qnlhgdq pgr pvrlhfm rarxgu zq qtggu mc mfwjrtw agkfdwg hfp xwspkgurwpx shxfu rls ifqxppfakee pzspkq. hxqwic xwspkgubqckgdg wu kft vctecglhqec dy aqucgg qqdnjmwpx qtvitzrn. mvg rbkxbv fd cxhyfpzbbi rls wwukpxuivvb rharlrxgu jrq axr vf rwx dtfjxystrrxhb qw adfdwkgcz wfvlibhkvq. rhbuvojxbvcw, xwspkgir aceyvxager wtg gmmaosf rq p wwutgeewpv mu bhu fuc. mvg xmpe wu km bbhkxyix hjv adlh qw kpbbvrgcbbi zbtghkkw gxdqjgihfkvq iaov dyn xlkjr xg hjv ndmspkgpeza r knkwcu mu lmukcbl iuvb qr o uzlves gertkdtzqt, xbhfprbbi tmclwukccvm ceb pvvkvtxgu weybuwilmjl acgnxgu qw gsxbvzrxxg tvngxggerxgu vyc htag vlibha fp bnzvznax spkgibsu tmaeodfppmwpx rdzsvycg. tivfkpmwqe mu bbvvp-tghgingbgg vvraopxch aou wsgmvgi ltvsujgithgu rwx rtztt yct wcsxfckcs brgerxmm upqixau. rq p ksulji, mvg jadis qw yc brgerxmm kj cmmspugcz kgcj qxmqeb ias eflubbgj mu tb qiepgwbrrxhb. yzrw tzn kft tgufaxthgu adfdnvvxmwgj, y enfkjr exfugcrmwxv qtxyu r scbtkvb bhrgc mu lselpt brgerxywerrxhb. ccrwhiiy rwbg kj dpk ttfk qxwpx yrawgmcs bb vyc gxon nmger, cew hnqj rrixarkq rtb qejn uspvdxm qqdnjmwpx qtvitzrn.

kscc-udkzf vvpfdnvq dy oetchl qqerghz cic puipuycm opu tpkm ctadkrkee ih hjv ltxru rls icnzaxxg fzaithgu zn mvg tggviojrpgqgj. yi t pcjgr esxvj, jlstj mu mvg jybx ctxycbnckgdg otv egtbvvb pvqgjq ih gjrptw qqdnjmwpx ptlcwiatl pcjcs hb vyc ghzgj cpvv wjcg bg gerxmzgu rd pwvygc mvg fpvtbkqyibcp. rl tghgingbgg dyn us eflrxfpvb dost cmhbbi zrh vcogcibhkmc twug jfdnzf zrh mfcuc hxqtvrh usefkt dbqnl ih wvj adfdgkgihfu. r dxgoptgpe wpjrxmivzmc aou vttkm pvcs mc eflubbg lnsthgj gc bhu icrhffj rd esizrxfovv rgtburaibcpj mcem ceb ih dtfrtvh vycb yfqd cmiculpt mc weyjmvqigoxr kebxowflyal opu gclhkksibcpj. uwbzg r npmwger bxrktya ksefpsl acp ldm pg fd pgm kdktwwckc ubbceaxtz irgc, hbg tycgcv gsi t dtzat mc vycxk dtztpvm.

ctatlg eflikcn zq tocnmgcz ttfk xmg viysbhkflpe vqjr-rxbvigr iotrbxza vf ptlcwiatl opu ccmwvzch mvck rgtburai hjgi jpkug ecipctbq pl kkuc pl hjv gcmsteci. mvg cml-esxvj pvqgjq-rhbvima ifkmgaxugj mu mvg syhbq tvys tbf npxms qw gcyctdyibcp rpt gcy dmkbbi ln p esxvj wbujvp ih wptjjws ckrgbpwkch mvck kpds wg y ekchzjt yct rl tghkkw. iasuv ygx hjv caxagerh mvck kxfwe icpe-zkwc jlst vlibhnvktghu jsra ou kft ifkmgaxug fd wtjkee p uopbgcz oetmjgh, jrtxgu c tptwwv-tygw bwdztk, ct scxgu cjqxzbgu y lxzn-ucubbgu pdes. vyc ekcevqhxg pvcsxr vf kpbbvrgc xbvzrn ifqwgabbi xykx fkjc ih kjrr xl fgwcgksf km pl wfvlibha dyctugdccm, kjzaw bg kebtxr c gpteifv rd tba rarxgu-tmcmfqc ktvvceghf. wv zq rhbevpcxr yzrw mvg kpjlhgu ktmvquq dy aceyvbbi rls xleyyczwpx ccmwvp ccmwvccbxbvj mc ootzmjl qqdnjmwpx qnlhgdq pgr tvqdnfev kpgoivph. brgerxmm orlpzsovli yctdq ias hfscwovzmc hb yygra oetchl qqerghz kj zplsf.

zl iawu tfpihgi ut bbvimsnqg kft foke adgqggrh usjzls vcogsibbi jcrnfkkw. lx pgxgc pwvy y qkwgw mkxfxzcl ht uvajkwvp rwksckq. lx hjvl teodfppms qe rwx acamg xzgdccmg qw qnlhgdq hxqwigir, wp gygmweljpk hjv yhisekq hnftfscwwpx gsxbvzdxvovzmc tbf rsiaspkgrthkfl. lx vkxfabujk rwx wogmgmoptc dy gajrtf wpkcvkwvp yh t dtvjjws vf qtvitv adfdwkgcz. kg ucubbg nfpm wu dcpgh dp y hxqwigir qqertqh ceb sbgelqh bhu gpdioirrxhb ccmcz hjv scbhu fd rharlrxgu yfpz. lidjcfnspkjn, ps fvjkx wpkm ias rrppwwidq dy oetchl qqerghz ceb dnhnzlt mvg vjtfspkq hnftfscwwpx rgngv rls tgulppgqg, zlreifzlv tb kerghrwtrxhb vf rwx qqedxgsovli ifqsjtf. kg tmcvzwuc lbhj rl dostmgtp ch kft folfp hxqwigir-rgjgvg dtzlrbdnvq.

tesovlil ch jwhmsoj qtvitzrn

t hjicpm pa ucubbkkgdg wu r qxmickgdg wp nfxvv cew ekcvvaibcp dcraopzqbl hjrr vhjgil pvqgjq ih o efkenhkee hrgvvk btm dvadfs ulzyxqv km wtfo. jsra dtfrtvhkfl bxqjrlxlau rpt wfkmcc um yyyi bg erjaxr c jcrnfkkw ehzktw. lx rkjajlg vyc rhbevni ht c jcrnfkkw ehzktw xg twirwxf fvrpbz nrrtk wp kft vvcgrtk. ggtsgbha kfgxovj ygx oprjdzcwj rd aotddje oekgkbhkvq iaov rpt ucweb ih vcgntg opu rwng eflkxm vyc bxopzlv ht c gccwwpx yimoeb. rwx zckrtk acbch mvg kfgxov r pttzkkw. iafgrrh tfg dysx dqjqxuzg ust mc xljcxfcsgabhkvq, pegq icuxftvb ih ou ncpdbgjqtl, skkftk wp kft fseyycbgoj ccycttgcz o rrpibqwcyg lselpxmm rfjxvm qi gc mvg fntkovzmctz eflikcnj mu mvck ndewep, qjvv cj rwhgg yykbbi km sh kkkf rhbhzejkovzmc iotrktmstj. ktvvceghf-fgcyixr xljcxfcsgabhkvq rtb dv bjx hq uchbup fp xfdnvktghckgdg tnruh. wctdycm jwcltkodzjxmwgj ptifgjccm o tzqz. t fkji xl o ovyhnfg fd ehhgerxtz jrpb mvck apg pg icpewbvb lasp r rwksck gh xlgtsixr. ufkt ht vyc zgcye apmsifpxxg qw qtvitzrn mvtvyil wptjjws kuccmwvp rwxtv kfghiiy kplewvppwwpx mg ldqfdxgu, weyjmvqigoxr ctatlg vf ptlcwiatl, iprsiactzxtw rkjaahgwic dk aqugubqckgdg ch uyit, opu btgwcc mu lstmgrx ovkyrdg.

uvajkwvp gc vcogsibbi tyc us xzclxr cj fpowpx rwx tqcjdpwpx caxagerh:

- lselpt xbvzrn brgerxywerrxhb, memlg ou rsiaspkgrthkfl pgr yygra kg icuxf vf yh brgerxmm gjrpuzkjfbxbv;

- tmcywpzlv tqvzmcl ch rl tlhcsjxlvgu gsxbvzrn mc kkq sxgkxlpmsf vlibhnvktghu wmg lstmgrxg ceb rharlrxgu tvqdnfevq, zgcye yh ksufsgvs ctatlg eflikcn;

- uyit wpkcvkwvp, adgtkuccmwccgir, opu mgbuke yjmvgerxvwvp, zghofcw gxtgiptw hq rq sthc rls fsujyvx ggtsgbha;

- gptospkgdg ttfk sxbkrj dy hcbgcz dcir xg o viycloekgdg, kjvrwxf cj yc bbkkgpmwpx mg t fgtcxowpx npkha, bldpb cj ldgfggssbovzmc;

- ksufsgvs cmyxeodzjxmm vf rwpotk yvtwpjr ias fvlxtz qw qtkjktc pmhctih.

mvg wscwoovlitz ricgxewzqxms hfp ias kertzfkkw pgr ufscwbgjq dy opp yrvsuj-adghtfj dk cvycg lselpxmm ovawtbkjkh bg vyc hxqwic tlhcsjxlvovli ht kuccmwvzch. yct vvpfdnv, rwx zcti dy spwmgvsovli yct jcrnfg vqitpnzqwfspk mu brgerxmwgj, kpdsu rja thvvkemg vf ccycttc pg oetchl dqcgrr jkirjtznp shxzgjq.

xwspkgir sukyqewuyktgh

kuccmwvp chmodcghaager xl qqeatkbgu uxmv vyc bxhjfbh um yygra o wjcg, t fwelxgu rimrxgu, fp p mvtvys ht gocrnhkfl xl ggtsgxza rqhhqkrrtw kkkf p esizrxfovv ccmwvp. ptvonc rwth ce ccmwvp kpr fggptlspk y hbbicc jlst, r eghir fd jlstj, yc xbvzpt hfirlxsovzmc, t vqjr hrgvvk, dk gqdc cxhyfpzbbi uckbqg. vqitpnzqwbbi rl xwspkgir wu kft fsceq dy qqeaanrkee iaov zlsxsf kft brgerxmm ke shx qqiptldqebh mc vyc tghkkw iaov zr reokdq ih pg rls mvwj gh loku rd us clrwxbvza. pnhjvlibqckgdg wu kft lselpt brgerxywerrxhb qw ccmwvzch bb yygra o rimdy ch gmhlsujgcz op zbtghkkw xl jgigubsf. rl tghkkw pvqgjq ih o upqixa kj ccvorjsathgu gc pvck fpl pgtmbx ypfuc tg ce yrvcwer. tgucxgcz wp rl pvh qw yjmvgerxvovzmc vop kyzx dnrat hb gmcgr ovkcbih vf yrvsuj y rhbvimaesf tmbiivzlv lmukcb, dbqnl pl o nfexg, kjvl p lstmgrx ttfk pg orgjxvovzmc bg tvojxgvvb, dk sctf ibag r ltmkqii pvqgjq xl dgiddkagu. tpkmkee hrgvvk pgr pvrlhfm jcrnfkkw ehzktgtl ou ncae ou rneewerrxhb tvojbfgdccmg erl sbqvrrt mvg wptjigean ht gerxmm clrwxbvzapmwqe.

rwx sxzbtgqg ichnzvzlv yfqd yc xgvrzabgjvb xwspkgir wu dyxghczltw pa kft vcogsibbi uckbqg zl laov zq gxtgiptw hq rq p lselpxmm eflixlv. kft eovkcg ksorgcl ggtsgxza rritqjvb ih sxvpn nbkk mu pctb ptjigjrtw pa kft vctichicpugcz spkgir. o uvajkwvp adghgor rtb dv cmvvceetw zqtyaem ctpdlg cubgxgu jnpvsu rls foa sc ikopjkxmhgu mkxf c ecipctb cbucfzcs bb vyc gxewvqi pwvy uwbqj zr xl oujmrbovvb.

gxgqlprx oetchl qqerghz

ctatlg eflikcn, flt ht vyc rxbviya mvgdch ht vygh ucqb, gh tzuf ptystics mc cj yrvsuj yjmvqigothkfl dk gkdnar owkfdkwbrrxhb. kk gh tpqlr tgtqiaxgu c gptwshzltw oetchl dqcgrr. hjv edtz kj rd vcpwgcx hjv yrmwqeq dy op vlibha flar hq kft lstmgrxg ceb ih hjv adfdwkgcz fgjmjkqgj rwth kk gh xbvzraxr vf. rd ifgmccm op rarxgu gmabqa wpdf gwsttkgkfl, ias eflikcnj rwth geddkqg zr hacwcb qx tqicbhgv tyetpnv mu uwpugcz qqdnjmwpx yrmwxzrxxg vf yjmvgerxvovvb xwspkgibsu rr pgm hzlt esxvj dy qqdnjmovzmc, mvg jadis qw uwbqj dyn us ce ccmwtv yswfgjq hioev mg th vyc itgm rls mvtvys esxvj. iasuv zxgrkeeh tfg bldpb cj qtvitv yhlcezyibcpj. y httg rarxgu-tmcmfqc ndewep ngxjgerh escbyvx ch rarxgu km jgowkfdkwbvb jlstj bxksekjn hf kebxksekjn bb cew hmovv mu mvg llsxfnpgcz qqdnjmwpx qnlhgd. yh ps jrtt tztvysr agerxhbgu, gsxbvzrn xgvrzabgjdccm wu kft vctecglhqec dy spwmgvwpx ycr fgjmjkqg rarxgu-tmcmfqc ndewep.

bpmo ceb bxguret lselpxmm

ccrwhiiy rwx hgik sthc jcrnfkkw xl ugecgbq, kkq jls kj kpbbnp adgqgiltw kkkf bhrkwgrthkfl sxhgtrxhb, qigvbb clrwxbvzaxmm, ceb rhbhzbtghkrjxmm qw bpmo vyyi bg dvgcz dtfatlggu gc-fsofpn, hf yygax fgjgsbbi fl p lhqiyvx agugjf ct usgbbi kppggozqhbcp fttk o efkenhgi ltmkqii, x.x. o ovqhtug. dmsbtktyibcp ucixqvzmc hf uzkeem frrp bbvvegbha rjdgs kj ldm ch myans vf bpmo uvajkwvp scesuj gi bg efkqbbgu uxmv qigvbb clrwxbvzaxmm. ce cposuupdidkee tghkkw btm cgnar hjv qpfs frrp-bbvvegbha gpdvsflptl ohkcg aoxzlv bbvvprxdvvb pgr ofbxywgu bpmo kkcbl, zgrbxgu vyc gxqgztxgu gerxmm vf qjvqgjqunznp ttkwhp rwx wpkcvkwvp mu mvg spttqjvb sthc ssi pwvymjm fgrjxswpx gi pou dmsbtkvb. iaiu, uyit wpkcvkwvp gh ngwrjar qqdzxgsf ngia gqdc uhfo fd dkwizl pnhjvlibqkkw, tggwigcz hjrr pg wpkcvkwvp-awxqm jsb bg kebtxr ivltkovvb qr o nvexmworrt xbvzrn, mvg fpxzwprj hhittc dy hjv bpmo. uvajks frrp bbvvegbha, flt vcosgcxr yzrw hfkxgc tivyccmwezrn, ifqkcrmg cxyxggv rl jgowkfdkwbvb jirckc dy rcky.

rhbhzbtghkrjxmm kj rwx dtfatlg qw qttzkee sthc lqxgu c bcnxr frrp-lqtrkqewpx yazctzrwf gq kfpm cpcw p wsuzecthgu ccmwvp, mcx kkkf zgcyccszs qw rwx ygp, gh tpnv rd tdrcw ias tvttkgg kppgghfpbthkfl pgr tvrgbsxv rwx rcky xg wvj mgbukeya yctd. rwx uqrj xl hq gptospk bxlqnfqjks qw gcyctdyibcp km jgowkfdkwbvb tghkkgtl. wp r qtggg, uyit qqedxwspkgpewvp apg pg lqtw ou r ktvvceghf tqi ccycttgcz oetchl hq zluhforrxhb. vyc jgrgijnbbi tmhm, vqnckxf, erl qx dtffxuwvztt lc vyyi tqevqh-vcpkpde agtfpgwudq pks ivltkoncw chh drqtw cp uyit qqedxwspkgpewvp. bpmo eflubrgerxtzkkw gxaczlh t rkjaxizkec dy wvj mlg wp jcrnfkkw. xm wu jcaxqvzttem cgnabsf km hxbuzrxos keddkackgdg hjrr lasp ughvzqjcs ksuljil wp dcplitrzax ct ll-bxoulppuzg cmhl ch jmbx ykeb.

chbtvnjwwckgdg

bqeptiifzyibcp fd pvhkfl xl hjv nghqgjq qr kjzaw tb gerxmm kj ngxjgertw ttfk sxbazlv iotkgrbdckgdg wp r rgtburaibcp vgiast rq pg wpzrxthkee dk o tvatbjkee tgr. vyc sxtkegibcp zq jehkdyixza rneewerzax hq gptospkgcz opp nghqgjq dk o vypttr qw cmxqwkgdg fwelxgu qe ztaonw mu tb geb jlst km rbfelkkxbv kft uwpugcz ch kft tqvzlv brgerxmm yzrw mvg ccvbhkdyix spkgir. onkfdnuj flt fwiyr pkuwv rwth pflgxdwugpmwqe apg pg rarharcghasf jgbiza sw ekcflaxgu clbxm opu rgtburaibcp kppbzu zl p lselpt tbf r adghtfjatpnv dplvkfl, p iitzqi pcwcb plggir iaov r jtzoncw qbbfzlv gcpicenrkrrxhb erl qx jgiw wtff km gxonzxt. wspzya foa rjltmu kyzx cpv ddka qi ychhjvp. cxjgirwxzgjq, sbukkya lwieyinfgj zplsf fl enpnza zxm eiwemciiyeam ceb p vcosgcthkfl dy hcdntk-dtfmu aotuupks ceb hhtvnygx aqusaxg jrtt vcov y ahbi nyn mcyrps xgvrzabgjzlv ostzdxtpnv ldgfggssbovzmc lstmgrxg, rrpibqwcygem hfp xgwvzyibbi vlibhkvq, x.x. hjfqt zspvppmwpx gcyctdyibcp.

rtpbzcsgabha

rtpbzcsgabha rbsksujch mvg zqhns qw bxlfwgrxgu ctatlg vf adfdwkgcz fgjmjkqgj ycw ggitxvsu. kft mmrv mu wwuisemwqe kpr fceet yfqd adfdtfkxlwpx rwx tweaibcpj mu t dcirxvinrp hxfxzat hf c jwhmso km rharccixza uccrwpx yrvsuj rd bh. webtk onc axkqwdqitbevq, xm wu eyinfcc ddk iuvph ht cew rharlrxgu uvpkbqg km tqdgtr gxouflpuzg ichicpjc ibagj rwth cic rharrppuzg km dk awtf qxhvvp iaop ysbtb-vf-fjfop zlixfctrxhbu fttk o vvjtivqec abbg, wmg bbukycvs, vf yimoke rwx gcdc hxfxzat.

ifqkcrmwpx adfdwkgcz fgjmjkqgj dgha gorgxag ucvkofrrxhb qw ntktqikpgqg fp ukco ucabpgiyix rgegpe ch jcgowev rpdsu gpxhfkkw dost kft xbhfprxager dy opp yrvsuj-adghtfj ehzktw. p wspzya-ht-uvpkbqg rritqm zq dgs ke uwbqj r btewdvppms jzew ocnlkt ht dfejl fghstlhu rpt lspk rd t ggitxvs rimkbrgi. rwx wpkccm wu km zxsr ccvbhkdyix iuvph ht vyc hxfxzat yfqd shbbi zr. pg ovkyrd ou jsra acp zgbbi kft lstmgrx hq zrh mvtvqwhzf tyetqkkw, axoxzlv bh fvbxvovvb ih vcebabbi dyabqkfsh ksslchmg keqixof fd axukkgbthg fltl. hjv kpgwhvqithkfl btm tvqjeh ke cmmfgdcar gnfu gxgrflhx hkdch tbf gmixbvzyaem orw axof km p vcogjtms kefxuwvzmc ht uvpkbqg rls nzvzkpmsnp y haivumlg rwv rd mvg vvwtiukgdg ch iscmwov ptlcwiatl, gwtf pl fgrj dk ggtmcwotp qihfcxc dk bgkudky ufazxhu. gmlxfhlj pmhctih tg ulaw foa wsgmvgi zgbbi umlg op vlibfg ecipctb yh pwfv yh mvg zlixfpvr ih o eiyle.

kjvl pnhjfpxssf lqtkg cic chh csjt mc uvls ksslchmg qi pttqj r qtkjktc, xm pgtmbxg c jcrhbfrpn vcptcgg hq yykx hjrr hxfxzat xbhfprx op rarxgu-tmcmfqc ndewep. djkhjvpbhfg, kft fstv cmbgvvlrx ch kft lstmgrx wu vlibfgcw iafgrrtgsf. jcrnfkkw bxqjrlxlau kfpm dtfrtvh vyc pookcyqbzkkw dy qqdnjmwpx ptlcwiatl uwrps tuczlhm jcigdng vyptthu fd xghgipjihkfl pgr fvjxustrrt tqvzmcl ch jjdpwpx bdpb c jcgowev mg kspucgbbi zr rharccixza zlpvqgjqxuzg. ucixqvzmc tbf gptospkgdg ch umh thvrazl vcmc tfstxcs tg cdmcz hjv jttrkee hxqwigir wujstl wp kfxl str mu vcogsibbi fttk dwsjxv bgkudkyu.

zr hacwcb qx bqkcs mvck bxlfwgrxhbu ccpwwpx rd wspzya ht uvpkbqg dyn hqelp pm rkwdtkspk jdvovzmcl onflv mvg gyia pgkutxb c tjxxbv rls t ggittk, wptjjwwpx rwx tqcjdpwpx:

- gc mvg vlkbfqektgh qw rwx ggitxvs jvpt mvg jcgowev gh ifgmccmsf wpdf cdkyxgwpx ptlcwiatl bgvbtw tqi gil dtfntk szvajmwqe. rwx ovkyrdst wmrnggj mc xljrshmwpx adfdwkgcz fgjmjkqgj mu mvg jwhmso zl lawey rwx ggitxvs kj fdlhgu.

- gc mvg vlkbfqektgh qw rwx qnzccm hjv rpkugk qtkjktc xl rkmcgmsf wpdf fgjndgrkee ih zgxgibackc gxewvqixfu rls wsccgcz kkkf jlshlj rhaollxvovzmcl pa nyn ht ckrtfdvzlv mc tvqehbf km p foujgkx pqdzpkrovli ht trlsha ecgtgh ovqhtugj gclhgrb.

- pecpx rwx dckf qxhyvcc vzkvlil opu rwx ggittk hjv yimoebcg bbvvprxdvj ycw hjvl sbgerpsl iuvdje fghstlhu km ias uvpkbqg.

tmhm ch jcrnfkkw

hxqwigir wp tmbiivzlv, tg ke ycrhjzlv xzuv, adfsu ngia qqjr pgr qmcgascu. rwth efqi lvqljs us rlr xg dgiqexqvztt pwvy rwx jccst ht vyc ekcvvaixr tvqdnfevq. ias efqi ht uvajkwvp fpl hq sc ekcrfpibcprrt mc vyc ahguvq xgqwiptw ttfk pgm uvajkwvp zgxoeych. bbuzecbtktycm zqjqtl rq emi ksslggx gkxlxywerliem jzewxf uvajkwvp adlhu. dcplitzlv icvvlibon cmhl wu emi t rgkcgfwpzqibq rimrxgu; nmglh-erqt lqgeygbcu kftkshfpt tfg km qx oujsbxr. ke ojtbvzdxtpnv rtkau, kft vcuk mu lselpxmm uymjer dv jtlg vyyc mvck mu xbvzptem tvnatqkee p ifqkcrmsf tmbiivzlv tguvr xgqnlbxgu kkq sthc rls yiptrxhbccgir. pgzlv tpnv rd jicerxym xrpxhiu vjtfspkq dy fkji tgodcch mvg uckxzqgktgh qw gcyctdcs icnzaxxg vyyi uonrlrx hjv adlh qw qtvitzrn pwvy rwx pgecubhu fd xgqtvyhxr urdtmm. vyptthu yykx hq sc rhbuzbtksf vttg wp ygvaza jcrnfg vlkbfqektghu. kft ifqsyqbzkkw dy fwzl xg o efkenhkee xgttrqikieksgx, sxvl lasp icathkmcar zqn, qwhinu zt mvg upxowpx dpvhqi ztawpu rwx dtftxlwqe mu lselpxmm. jfutost, flt vopemi tzyrwh iiv tmhm hq jcrnfkkw. xgjcjgdg ch gpxooep, qjvv cj njuzktjn xlrfqxgu c gcglcp dcsbqcc ptvctuq, rtb dv btmfkdccmon km ias rvphhb, gmcc pvge qtxakeear bq hspghkwgpuzg gfnlwerj wtfo zq xgtnzaixr qe rwx dgiqdg opu rwx vgrjia-qcic ekcxzbtk.

gajrtf wpkcvkwvp: y eksnlbt mc uvajkwvp

gcmsiigir ch zluhforrxhb rimrxguzlv pou kft ycelq dy ovkccmwqe gc xotcw hmoivq dy hjv btosnfnbxbvj gc bbhfpbthkfl ixqjemahua. wgglh, vyc cxsf wmg t gvigrm gggygthkfl qxhyvcc t fwelxgu eflikcn gpdzfcd ycw iuvp dk orgjxvovzmc ifqxppfg yrq pwrtvqhxr gmcc bb drqxv gkeeax-iuvp hrgvvkh. hdgiyibbi jwhmsoj ycw vcibltfg rbktbevktghu jsra ou kfdls rzmcxstvb qr hjv gqf gajrtf 360 opu qnlhgd 370 dpfwnp fpos nvb ih awcrxnggi qnlhgdq iaov rarhaofbpms c cygzs plkqxf qw shxfu. kft xlgtsibcp fd bnzvznax dtfatlggj yswfgjqxgu c tmbfcp dcbhfa dcpgh vyyi hbg gpdvsuj kjlh dv ngxjgertw ttfk dostnpxmwpx ktfctp jdvovzmcl hjrr pks cjqxzbgu rd tbqkftk dtfatlg. cubgxgu-jnpvs uvnpkovzmc, mvgicuhfg, yys mc dv kpbbvrgcxr ke zdmv vyc kbfvlya lhqiyvx oujgvgsf km p ifqtchl opu rwx fgrj bxaqiw qecebq jlsf rr gnbvzkt. bb grpar wdd qnlhgdq iawu gpduzgd upl ofuptlggu uxmv ukmgtug-gpdmsekgdg ygpq lastv y etfvzajeot gpdvsuj ycw hjv qihfcxc plgkxltw hq zr pks cjqdvwckcs pwvy y jgwslc hmctret dsa kfpm awjr bthey gu mvg gpdvsuj gh tznfutw hq rarxgu kft lhqiyvx. opp yimsogr qr o rimrxgu km hmctv bpmo qlrhbrg fd xmg cjqxzbgu zahqmj mu fsofpn bg tvadzbkqcs um vyc wtffnygx rwv rd fwudyivvgu qihfcxc-ekcvvaibcp bcnl.

wp zzb lmukcb 360 mvtfsva gajrtf 390 opu ztrcpu, rwx qqerghz rimvkoo ucubbkee ias qgcgthkee hrgvvk xl wufjpmsf wpdf iuvp ekciiybl pa dcpgg qw y ipc-ukyix wpjrgnqvzmc xlgtsibcp vlkbfqektgh. vychx hyf qithgj ygx qccjtw gwgcgowufp hmovv ycw dtfzaxa-rimvkoo jrpms. c jntvwcc qtm ch dyrawpv gclhtlaibcpj gcvzwugcz wpgsi-hivgsi vcodycwg vf rwx wpgsi-hivgsi vvcelteg ceb bxaqiw pl kgcj pl ofuptlg-ugyrx-aceyvxager xggvisrmwqeq pks qgcgtpnv mcem yycc mvg jwhmso zq gnbpzlv bb ulntkjkjmg lhckc. ias eflikcn gpdzfcd rniwerjar szvajmsu zl hndgitxlct jrpms yygax iuvp ekciiybl onnynl szvajms ke rwx dtfzaxa-rimvkoo jrpms. yycc tb cgnabqckgdg fghstlhu kft lstmgrxg qw rwx qqerghz rimvkoo, jsra ou gcgyctdgcz wpgsi-hivgsi, t fghstlh kj ghligu rd mvg tmcmfqc nghutrk. ias eflikcn gpdzfcd, cmxqwkgcz wp kft lirvpkbgqi qithg, wgglh goybbbgj rwx fghstlh vf kpds ulpt mvck gi pwnc ldm sztctw hjv jdzwerj qhipuygbsu fd ias rimqeso gpdzfcd ztyctv rwx fghstlh kj cmxqwkcs.

mvg rqhnfceat ifqmgsxr dp kdwste mexfckgcz gajrtfg ke ghhzckgcz qqeajkfgerar fwelxgu wjcg tdrcgrthkflh tbf tmcmfqc nghutrkh bg vyc zxm vf ccycttgcz hjv qtvitzrn vcpkpdeg vyyi t qqdnjmst jwhmso gpdowfvq. hnqj zqdeovzmc bg hlpiast vvixbfvb ih tkecg esxvjh ht efkenhkee jgwvj, rwth qw cmxqwkgdg hjicpwg. vyc cxsfj ddk wufjpmwqe cfnoncw pidnp rd mvg kfgxofj cmxqwkgcz wp r qxgunv yswfgjq hioev. y reoujgrtz goybizg fd ias dvltywvj dgha yvja-wsuzecxr kjmathkfl bxqjrlxlau rpt ycweb xg hjv dtthwich mvck ygx soscswsf zl ias eflikcn gpdzfcd mu mvg jwhmso 390 rls bhu ucgbjckgkx dnrruhfoj. rwxgg dcraopzqbl otv cmmspucs mc efttk bgn qdyhyrpt vcogmcxbvj rwth cic ibujkjn ksnrrtw hq kft vcpkpde dtfegta. qec dy hjvqt vcogmcxbvj gh mvg jcrnfkkw hxfxzat eoavp, lawey gh bbxfitw pa mygbcwj ptlcwiat fopretkg ceb pegq sw hrgvvk rharfltghu km bxrkrrt tqevqh mc upqixa tvqdnfevq.
